you are beautiful look at you
it's crust gruff
here's my favorite wolf it's so bald
incredibly curious was that's just part
of being a wolf that's just over one
year old no breaking the camera shot no
every day that goes by I'm feeling more
and more comfortable with my walls I
want to see if I can build a whole new
level of trust it's great that banjo is
so confident but maybe I've taken this
too far
I just have to hold my nerve
scruffy
like you go by me you know that you are
still a wolf is that my scent you're
getting I'll ahem the knee I'm washed in
weeks
I think we can see how this fearsome
predator eventually became man's best
friend he's goofy
don't even think about it
look incisor you
he's actually quite nervous
he's flinching at the slightest sound I
mean I think I might be getting over my
slight fear of buff scruffy I think just
incredibly inquisitive he just wants to
have a good old look I think I am
understanding him more than a dead he's
still an enormous wolf but he just wants
to get as close to me as I want to get
him really I suppose that's how it's
working